Update dag-serialization.rst (#14992)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/dag-serialization.rst

are purged.

.. note::

>   Since Airflow 2.0 DAG Serialization is strictly required and can not be turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DAG Serialization is strictly required and can not be turned off from Airflow 2.0 onwards.
```

>   DAG Serialization is strictly required and can not be turned off from Airflow 2.0 onwards.

Reviewer: Apparently `onwards` caused a spelling check issues

```suggestion
  DAG Serialization is strictly required and can not be turned off from Airflow 2.0+.
```
